Yo, what is going on everybody? Welcome
back to another video. So, before we get
into it real quick, I'm Zilly. I run one
of the top PC optimization services for
competitive gamers on the internet.
We've tuned over 10,000 systems and
worked with pro players and streamers
like Bugha, Scump, PK, Parasite, Bizzle,
and iDrop. So, everything I'm showing
you today actually works on real
competitive PCs. Without further ado,
let's get right into it.
The first thing that we want to do is
fix your in-game settings in the config
because the wrong settings in this game
will completely tank your FPS. So, we're
going to open up Battle.net first and
adjust the settings here. So, click the
top left icon, click settings, and then
on game launch you're going to set this
to exit Battle.net completely, and then
you're going to scroll down and uncheck
launch Battle.net computer start, and
uncheck use browser hardware
acceleration. This just makes it so
Battle.net doesn't run in the background
for no reason while you play game.
config file, so this is where Black Ops
7 and the newer Call of Duty is
different from the older titles, so pay
attention here. The config file is not
in the documents folder anymore, which
used to be here. It's not there anymore.
Easiest way to find it is you're going
to press your Windows key and R, type %
local
appdata%.
Press enter, you're going to go to
Activision, Call of Duty, and then
players. Make sure you've launched the
game at least once before doing this so
the files are actually generated. Now,
just go to my Discord server, you're
going to find this zip file in the tweak
channel. Just download it, and then in
the first folder of the zip file you're
going to see the config file. What
you're going to do is just going to copy
these, and then you're going to paste
them in
the players folder. Click replace like
that. Once you launch the game, it's
going to ask you that your settings have
changed or your hardware has changed.
Just press no on that and just let it
load. As you guys can see, your computer
appears to have changed. Just press no
on that. It's going to load up
perfectly. If you press yes, it's going
to completely revert the config file, so
don't press yes. Now, there's a couple
things to know about the config file.
First, it does set your DLSS to
performance by default. We're not using
FidelityFX CAS just because all the pros
are now switching over to DLSS just cuz
you get that extra performance from the
game rendering a lower resolution and
then just upscaling it to look better.
That's going to be the best route for
competitive. If you have a higher-end
card, you can set the preset to quality
instead of performance, and that is
going to look a little bit better or
balanced. If you are on a mid-range
card, just leave it on performance and
you'll be fine. If you have a Radeon
graphics card or anything else, then
alternative would be FSR, or you can use
FidelityFX CAS, which is what I used to
recommend back in the competitive. I
just want to make something clear. This
is something a lot of competitive
players are using nowadays with the
whole DLSS stuff. So, basically you have
two good options. If you're on Nvidia,
please use DLSS and set to performance
mode. If you don't like this, you can
always use FidelityFX CAS just like so,
and honestly both of them are pretty
good. DLSS is just going to give you
that good FPS boost without destroying
your image quality. And the one thing I
want to make very clear though, don't
use frame generation. It is going to
cause input lag, and in a competitive
game you are going to feel it. It
doesn't matter that you get more FPS,
you're going to get input. Then, you're
going to go to account and network, and
you're going to turn off cloud settings
so your settings don't randomly reset.
Then, you're going to go to graphics and
display, and make sure your display mode
is in full screen exclusive because it's
going to give you the best performance
in Warzone unfortunately.
Make sure that you are using [music]
full screen. And that's going to be
pretty much it for the Call of Duty
settings right here. I would leave
everything else alone. In this game, I
prefer G-Sync or capping your frame rate
at your monitor's refresh rate just
because the screen tearing does get a
little bit annoying. So, if you know how
to set that up, I would recommend
setting that up or just capping your
frame rate at your monitor's rate. So,
for resizable bar support, if you are on
Intel [music] in this game, I'll
recommend turning it off completely in
the config file. And to do this, you
would just pretty much go exactly where
the config file is stored, which is %
local appdata% and Activision, Call of
Duty, players, and then just double
click the notepads that end in .txt0 or
.txt1. [music] You have to change GPU
heaps to false to disable resize bar
support. The config already has it
disabled by default. Now, if you're on
Nvidia, it depends on your graphics
card. If you're on something [music]
like high-end like a 5080 or 5090,
you're most likely going to be CPU bound
on competitive settings, so turn rebar
off. If you're on a 5070 or below,
you're more likely GPU bound,
>> [music]
>> and rebar can actually help, so turn it
on. And if you're running DLSS, that
shifts your bottleneck around, so when
in doubt on a high-end card, just leave
it off. That's a safe call. Test if you
should run it off. Just run the in-game
[music] benchmark after you boot up. If
your average FPS looks great, but your
1% lows are getting dragged down, that's
your CPU being the bottleneck. What you
want to do is go in your config file
like I just did and find your GPU heaps
and set them to false to disable the
[music] rebar support. Usually, that's
going to fix up all the lows. Now, for
anyone on a dual CCD processor like the
9950X3D
or 7950X3D, [music]
you want to download Process Lasso. So,
if you do have these Ryzen 9 CPUs with
dual CCDs, you have [music] to use
Process Lasso unfortunately to keep the
other CCD working. Once you install
Process Lasso, I recommend setting it up
this way. So, management console GUI,
just put it to do not start, and then
core engine and governor, you're going
to set that to start login for all
users. [music] Press next on that, and
then you can just press finish on that.
As you can see, this is what it's going
to pop up. Now, if you have Call of Duty
on Steam, you want to open up Steam
first, and you're going to go to active
processes. And this is specifically for
people on again a Ryzen 9. If you're not
on a Ryzen 9, if you don't have a dual
CCD processor, don't worry about this.
Just completely skip along video. You
don't need to. But for those people that
are on Ryzen 9 and spent the extra
money, you need to do this. Go to
steam.exe for example, and you're going
to right click on it, click CPU
affinity, you're going to set current
select CPU affinity, and you're going to
There's going to be a button here that
says CCD cache. Click that and then
press okay. And then you're going to do
the same thing for CPU affinity always.
Select the CPU affinity, and then click
cache over here. So, that's for Steam.
You also want to do that for Battle.net,
and also do it for the Call of Duty EXE
itself. Want to make sure that you do
that just so the game is always running
on the X3D cache CCD rather than the
frequency CPU on those Ryzen 9s. Now,
for Nvidia control panel and Nvidia
settings, we're going to open up Nvidia
control panel like so, and go to adjust
image settings preview. If you've never
changed Nvidia control panel before,
then do this. Go to preference
emphasizing, set it to performance like
so, press apply, then you're going to
set it back to this middle one. Go to
manage 3D settings, and you're going to
scroll down. Low latency mode, you can
leave this on on, and then power
management mode, you can set this to
prefer maximum performance. Either cache
size, you can set this to unlimited, but
it doesn't really matter. And texture
filtering quality, set it to high
performance. That's pretty much all you
got to do in here, nothing too crazy.
Then, go to change resolution and use
the Nvidia color settings, that's what I
recommend, and set your output dynamic
range full. This is just going to have
more details in the darks and white
areas of your monitor. Very important
that you do this if you care about
visuals. Then, go to adjust desktop
color settings. I recommend running
digital vibrance at 75% or above.
Whatever you're comfortable with, set it
to that. I like 75%, and what you're
looking at on the screen right now is
75. Then, you're going to go to the zip
folder that you guys downloaded earlier
and go to video folder, and you're going
to open up Nvidia Profile Inspector.
Then, you're going to scroll down and
find RBAR enabled. Make sure it's set to
enabled, and then RBAR option set to one
that is labeled Red Dead Redemption, and
then the RBAR size limit, same thing
with that, Red Dead Redemption. All
right, make sure you press apply on
that. Now, for AMD, just follow the
screenshots in the AMD folder. However,
I do have a full on guide on how to
optimize your AMD graphics card where I
was going over how I optimized the XT
when I had it. So, if you have a 970 XT
and you want that same performance I was
getting Call of Duty on that GPU, then
follow this guide that's linked right
here, and just skip the Radeon software
slimmer part because that is outdated.
So, now you can go back and go to basic
Windows optimizations for Call of Duty,
and I would double click choose a power
plan, and you want to make sure you're
using high performance power plan, or if
you're on a Ryzen 9, just leave it on
balanced. So, if you have a 9950X3D and
then 50X3D 2, 9900X3D, or the 7950X3D or
7900X3D, those Ryzen 9s with X3D, just
leave them on balanced, and then just do
what I said with Process Lasso. Very
important that you do that. Every other
processor, you can just pretty much set
to high performance. Me personally, I'm
using a power plan that I have in my
services that I built in 2020. Now, go
to uninstall useless apps, and this is
where I recommend uninstalling
everything that runs in the background
that you don't need. So, it's very
important that you do that because the
cause of most frame drops and issues
with FPS in Call of Duty is going to be
bloatware like Co Pilot or, you know,
just stuff in the background that people
do not need that they just have
installed like MSI Center, Armory Crate,
iCUE, all that stuff. You don't need it
most of the time, so I recommend
uninstalling it. Then, for hardware
accelerated GPU scheduling, which is
going to be in display and graphics, and
then advanced graphics settings, ensure
this is turned on. It will give you more
performance in Call of Duty. Then,
[music] if you don't use Xbox Game Bar
at all and you have no idea how to get
rid of it, just right click this and
click run as administrator. It's going
to completely remove Xbox Game Bar from
your system, and you won't have Game Bar
running in the background while you
play. Then, we're going to go back and
go to BIOS settings for Call of Duty,
and you can just pretty much right click
the restart to BIOS icon and click run
as administrator. It's going to
automatically take you to BIOS. Just
restart the PC manually and spam delete
on your keyboard or spam F2. So, for
Intel, you want to go to extreme
tweaker, set your AI overclock tuner to
XMP profile one, and enable multi-core
enhancement and set to enable all all
limits. Then, go to advanced, then CPU
configuration, and then CPU power
management, and disable CPU C-states.
That's the basic setup, and it's going
to get you most of the performance. If
you want to go deeper on Intel BIOS,
there's a full guide linked inside of
the pack that is specifically for
Gigabyte, but you can run it on most of
the other other boards that are on Z790.
There's a lot more settings you can tune
in there, so I recommend watching that
if you want to squeeze more performance
out [music] of your CPU. Now, for AMD,
you want to go to overclocking settings
and then go to advanced CPU
configuration, AMD overclocking, and
then set your precision boost overdrive
to advanced and PBO limits to manual.
Then, set your Expo profile to profile
one and set your UCLK to one mode to
UCLK equals MCLK. But, before you do
that, just make sure that your Expo
profile is rated for 6,000. If it's not
rated for 6,000, if it's like more than
6,000, manually set your memory
frequency to 6,000. If it's anything
below 6,000, don't even. Then, you need
to find IOMMU in your BIOS and disable
it. If you play games that use core
isolation or IOMMU, you are going to
need to leave this enabled. However, it
does tank your performance in Call of
Duty by like 20-30 frames. Now, this is
just a basic setup for AMD. You want the
full AMD guide, it'll be linked in the
zip folder and on my channel. Once
you're done with that, you just press
F10. So, with all that done, Black Ops 7
should be running a lot smoother, higher
FPS, lower input lag, and no more random
packet burst mid-match. This helped,
drop a like, subscribe, and if you want
a professional-level optimization done
on your exact PC, link is going to be in
the description. See you guys in the
next one. Peace out.